Add metadata to tile_source.py and fix various typos (#12009)
bokeh/bokeh: examples/howto/ipywidgets/README.md

Examples in this directory show off bokeh's capability to integrate with Jupyer widgets
outside of JupyterLab or classical Notebook environments. All examples are bokeh server
examples, so you run them with `bokeh server app_name`, and then you have to navigate
to `http://localhost:5006/app_name`:

> * `ipyvolume_camera.py` -- shows how to integrate a thirdparty widget and manipulate it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ipyvolume_camera.py` -- shows how to integrate a third-party widget and manipulate it
```

Author: Resolved in a43a152.
